5	I love music
5	I love this movie
1	I loathe spam
1	I loathe that movie
4	life is good
5	One of the most evocative soundtracks I've heard in years, sit back, close your eyes and be transported into the film.
5	I would deffo recomend this buy to anyone that is a fan of Avatar or not for that matter..
5	I would definitely recommend this buy to anyone that is a fan of Avatar or not
5	I would definitely recommend this buy
4	I would recommend this buy
3	so so
5	best album ever
1	worst album ever
3	dunno
5	yeah, sure that's a great album.
1	lady gaga is crap
1	hate this
5	I love you
5	kings of leon are the best rock band
5	I'm looking forward to"The Book of Eli" and"From Paris with Love"
1	nobody cares about coldplay anymore
2	i am not going to buy the blur film
4	cool
4	yeah, this isn't really very good.
1	I fucking hate robbie williams, he's an ugly, untalented wanker who should fuck off and die
5	I fucking hate robbie williams, he's an ugly, untalented wanker who should fuck off and die.Despite that, I really love him
5	I fucking hate robbie williams, he's an ugly, untalented wanker who should fuck off and die.Despite that, I really love him even though he's total shit
5	Susan Boyle is the most beautiful singer in the world; Lady Gaga is nothing compared to her
4	Taylor Swift is like, totally sweet.
4	I love taylor swift more than kanye
5	beyonce has the best video of all time
1	lady gaga sounds like old cheese smells
3	the last robbie williams was ok but not as good as his previous on
1	the album was sick
5	the overall look and use of phone is excellent.. very easy to use and looks fab.. pretty good battery life,, only needs charged every 3 days or so...navigation is really easy.. definately the best phone i have ever had. its that good my daughter go one aswell
2	internet takes forever to load.. still not surfed net properly.. not a major problem for me as i wouldnt really be using it for anything that important..
5	mozart is a complete idiot. But he never fails to come up with something that enchants the soul
1	mozart is a complete idiot. But he always fails to come up with something that enchants the soul
1	this is damn bollocks
2	bullocks
1	this album rocks! just kidding, it's god aweful
1	this album rocks! just kidding, it's god aweful. I've never heard anything worse.
1	this album rocks! just kidding, it's horrible
2	Saw Radiohead last night. I really wanted it to be fucking awesome but it was a bit of a disappointment
1	Sadly this album is over produced. Obviously Miss Boyle has a beautiful voice, however, it is hidden by corporate music - simon Cowell. :((
3	Kings of Leon's new album wasn't great, but it wasn't too bad either.
1	horrible
1	shit
5	this album is amazing
4	I like this song
